README.md, before:

# Movie Comparison App

This project was put together to learn more about dynamically building HTML using function responses and making API calls to omdbapi.com.  It was built because I enjoy watching movies and enjoy looking up their stats while watching them.

After entering two movies the app will automatically compare the IMDB stats of the two movies and highlight a "winner".

## Questions?
Send me a message on GitHub (Matthew-Hiebing) or E-mail me at: Matthew.Hiebing@gmail.com

## License
Copyright 2020 Matthew-Hiebing

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

style: Add example explanation and picture to readme.

README.md, after:

# Movie Comparison App

This project was put together to learn more about dynamically building HTML using function responses and making API calls to omdbapi.com.  It was built because I enjoy watching movies and enjoy looking up their stats while watching them.

After entering two movies the app will automatically compare the IMDB stats of the two movies and highlight a "winner".

## Example
When you load up the page you will have two serach fields.  The searches pull data from the omdbapi.  Once two of your favorite movies are selected the app will automatically highlight the stats between the two movies and the "winner".  Give it a try!
![Imgur](https://i.imgur.com/Z1TpezH.jpg)

## Questions?
Send me a message on GitHub (Matthew-Hiebing) or E-mail me at: Matthew.Hiebing@gmail.com

## License
Copyright 2020 Matthew-Hiebing

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
